So this is a landing page of general Z
OK. Um
They just get get get started
to raj.
Will this be helpful for in a DB migration kind of the activities or
kind of transforming one application is one
programming language to another programming language.
Yes, it will. So for DB to uh let me answer that 22 direction.
So DB migration if it is from one database to another database,
today, we support oracle
to post
grade,
post
grade is supported.
We have side based to I think that also to post
grade, I believe. But oracle to post
grade, we definitely have,
we we also have from an application text stack we have today
you can from uh you know classical Java,
you can convert to a migrate to a higher Java environment or you can even go to Python
for classical Visual Basic. We be uh you know, anything less than the core version,
you can convert to a core version.
You can also convert from uh VB to Python and those kind of text are also supported
um coal
to
coal
to um Java we did
and it is there in our uh
you know as a uh pilot use case
it is getting production
as I speak to you. So that is also that,
so there are these text stacks that we do, even,
even we even have P SQL uh getting reversing
in it
and converting to a post that I said earlier.
OK. Because we
discuss
with the client one is the DV migration that is the same uh record to post.
And another one is A C++ two Java
uh C++ Java. We support that is also a lot.
OK.
Pro C C++ also is support, correct.
So what do you see here is the website is full of
uh all the various the five key things that we talked about.
I'm not going to drain into the living knowledge base or the hyper product,
which already would have been covered.
Now, let me start with
Tech Deion.
So the key message here is
so generally we,
we really aim for zero tickets,
but that is not the reality and
there are tickets where
uh frequent dec occurring tickets, automation is there.
But then there are things gets really complicated as
when there are tickets which require a court remedy.
So, so finding the root cause of the issues
and then finding impacted code,
generating that
and
fixing it is gonna take a lot of time.
Now, what we have done with this living knowledge that is established is
you would have seen that we already uploaded a code yesterday, we
know
I share that
you upload a code,
the code gets complete explanation,
gus multiple iteration and creates a knowledge base.
And we would have created
a um a topology, the topology of the application and we would also create a wiki.
So that is an understanding of the current application
now with that knowledge. What can I do?
Right.
So that's where
here we will show AC R or problem ticket
which how I'm going to find the root cause on it
and how quickly within a matter of a few minutes
in real time, it finds all this
and shows a traceability of impacted code,
impacted test cases, impacted automation, test scripts
as well as the
we
sent us the stories.
Historically, we used to have a, a cast tool as a third party software, right?
OK, which actually used to do this uh tech depth analysis. OK.
At an architect level, locate a functional point, design
aspects and all those things, right?
So
uh
is there some way it's also integrated there or it's just playing an individual
in? So, so we cast integration is still
panic, that's said to be done. But to call out the difference that we make over what ca
can provide us
CC
does the analysis. It's a one static analysis, it shows where the tech di
does
now. Important aspect is right? That knowledge,
that knowledge is not stored anywhere. It's a static right
now. Here we have the knowledge. So in this case,
I already have uploaded a application
and I got the topology generated for that application which you saw here yesterday.
We have gone through the details of what these
user stories features,
uh test cases, test scripts,
like the code that got inju
was this,
I was able to get the full explanation of the code. In
this case, it's ac code. I think somebody has C plus which is AC one.
And I was able to,
I can even translate it to a program of my choice.
So
we support Python Java. These are some of the things that I can generate.
So you can see the generated code.
This is one thing I can do which I won't be able to do in other tools
which is you are translating to a different technology file by file.
But the use case that I'm focused on currently is with that knowledge that I have
and the wiki that is general existing application. I'm now
punching in a problem ticket.
There is and how do I do it? Is there is a assist here.
So here if you expand this assist,
you can enter
what is the impact analysis of a particular
uh problem ticket?
And when you enter this,
it goes through it, it does the analysis
and it will say you can go and check the analysis of that.
And
if I open it, it has created that.
Now let me go open that
topology,
the same topology
it is showing me the impacted
beach
the user stories,
the de scripts,
some of the code files
as far as the uh test cases.
Now, if I click on one of the code file,
you see here, there is a blue and a green uh functions.
So blue are the
updates to an existing function.
The green is a completely new function that needs
to be created for this particular problem ticket.
Now, if I click on this, I actually get the code that is needed.
Now,
we can integrate this with your GIT
and create a branch
and upload this git into the branch.
Now as a developer, because I've done this, I've done this impact analysis.
I I found what are the changes here from a code level?
Now as a developer,
I can check out my G
get this code back into my ID and then use the github
co
plots of the world to understand it. Remedy if I need it.
If this looks perfectly fine,
the human in the group that we are talking about,
you just check in,
push it to your next set of to a higher
environment to proceed with your other level of testing.
This is for the developer.
Similarly, as a tester,
if I want to go and look at what test cases, the existing test cases,
what are the steps that I need to add over and above what I need already? Had,
it looks and highlights those changes.
Again. Green are new tests, blue or changes to an existing step.
In this case, it has added a few steps.
Now I can upload this back to my
gas of the world
or you know HP A LS of the world
then my scripts.
So today we support Selenium
test.
That's that, that's the language we support today
and it looks at those automation scripts and it just call
out the changes needed for them because it's a change that
now as a test automation, I can download this
and make it part of my script and then just execute it
as well as I can also understand as a product owner or business analyst.
I can also see what user stories are, our features are impacted with that change.
Now, you can also
understand
what are the architectural components of that
application is impacted because of this.
This is
gives you that view also.
So all these happens within a few minutes and we
have tried it in a couple of our pilots.
Of course, it's getting refined as I speak to you.
But this was made possible because of that
knowledge base that we have the vector
that we have
and the prompts embedding to those knowledge and making it contextual
to get this outcome.
Now, you can imagine typically if I have to do this
for a problem ticket and fixing issues and
then I define the only the testing scenarios either
and then executed and implement takes months.
Here, it gives you that uh
edge to do it quickly.
So this is one use case
with that knowledge, what do I do on an existing application?
And I would do this
when I want to
not modernize it
or I want to maintain and remove my tech tips on my existing application.
Now, my broader use cases, how do I completely modernize
into a new architecture?
So whatever
knowledge that we created the the reverse engineered
user stories are already there in my requirements.
Now, I may want to add additional user requirements.
I may want to add additional uh set of user stories.
I may want to generate additional ones. I may want to generate, I can do that.
Now remember whenever you generate and you, you want to,
you can use the same assist behavior
and you can say generate those additional stories. For me,
it asks me what are those functional nonfunctional areas that I need to select?
And this integrates with our B PM. So some of the
process areas gets refined with this
and then we generate story.
Now one key call it I want to make is
you can also generate story in charge GP T.
So what is so different with this
one?
If you are doing from a reverse
engineer code into this?
The embedding is already understood because it understood
the context and is giving those generated additional stories
second is our BPH
or our B PM.
So our business process hierarchy is used behind the scenes to refine these props
to get more contextual user stories.
Second is if you look at our prompts,
we use a, a principle called inverse Q which means it looks for
uh those prompts are itself has got the logic
to check various things as part of creating more
appropriate and valid user stories.
So prompts our business process hierarchy and the existing living knowledge base
is a key differentiator, how we can get more
contextualized user stories.
Now,
in case you're studying a pure green
field project with no reverse engineering and all
in that case, you would first start with the requirement.
The only in that context, what would be your differentiated company
to charge piece of the world is
you have a BPH.
So we use our BPH, we know which project you are, which industry you are,
which business process you are.
And then we use that to refine and embed the props,
which should not be as accurate as the earlier one.
Because earlier when you had a
reverse engineering knowledge of the existing system
here, it will reach that over a period of time.
But remember whatever you generate and whatever you
confirm goes back to the same knowledge base.
That's why it's called living knowledge base.
Any questions here?
So are you seeing the current uh open E
I or OK, or um Google L MS, right. OK.
Is it not helping in terms of generating and
mapping it to the uh the business process models?
I mean,
you can, you can generate
and you can, so if you go to a playground and you can, you can generate differently,
but what is the level of accuracy? Right?
The accuracy improves when you have even more contextualized,
embedding in your prompts
and these kind of uh you know, the quality checks applied
then uh generally uh you know, just going with the uh uh you know, standard props
in this scenario, same example, right. OK. If I go back to that architecture view,
so I would like to ask OK, to just OK,
modify this architecture, OK,
microservices or something modernized architecture
uh
based on the knowledge that is available, right?
Will it be able to do that and give it to me that view
in case in case if client wants to
moderate moderator?
Yeah, they can,
they they can modernize
if we have some of these knowledge and insights.
Now, I want to also call it the patterns that we have,
we have few set of patterns that we have today.
Uh There is still work in progress to increase the coverage of patterns,
architecture patterns support
plus the coverage support for custom client provided architecture patterns,
those are few still work in progress.
But today we have few sets of architecture patterns supported today.
So this will get extended as I expect you.
So is this um what showcases more for uh the custom code that you write, right?
Custom applications.
Uh Do you have something similar for the platforms like SAP and all?
Yeah. So that is a session after this, they will cover the SAP flow for sure.
Just one quick question. So when we say brown field, uh it is
I have 20 application upstream downstream.
So
I will be doing
all application reverse engineering for my knowledge
space
or
uh my existing
uh you know uh design documents, my existing architecture,
my whatever available sets of documents for these 20 applications,
I will then give it to my knowledge base and that that will help you to, you know,
uh set up the base kind of
you. You can, you can do that
or generally what we have noticed is code
is the best knowledge than any other knowledge because
and as long as they maintain those archi
those artifacts to the to the date, then no worries.
But we all know that code can't line. So that's why we lay on code.
But yes,
those artifacts if we have great.
But what the bare minimum need is the access to the code.
So if you dump load the dot code from there, it can generate all this.
So the recommendation is all all application landscape.
Let's do a reverse engineering,
set up the base and then work on top of that
because tomorrow if you want to do an impact analysis,
right?
You may have
a ream downstream connection,
you want to make a change to another application.
If financially have an impact on another application,
you won't be able to do if you don't have in just those storage.
Exactly.
My second part of the question was then the test case, what we have generated,
you know, it has to uh it is a
test case, right?
It will always have a three or four component depend on your impact.
So how do we, you know, cater that and also on the test data part?
So my uh I mean, there will be a lot of uh hesitate,
right?
I mean, directly opening up the code to us uh or at least for the pilot,
I know whatever it is rather than
giving uh uh a kind of uh documents to us.
Basically the uh available documents around it. Yeah.
So
yeah, you see that's why
that's why,
yeah, that's why the the the the general statement, the thing is that the the
knowledge base,
it it sits where that
is installed. OK. So we had,
we had few clients
who had given quote to us and when we say given to us,
they are given to the project team to do it.
Remember even in the SAS instance
of general
that
the knowledge base is dedicated for each client,
the knowledge base is not shared with any client
number one though the knowledge base resides in the essential network.
Another option is I'm sure you would have seen the deployment options, right
gene
that can be installed in a client managed cloud also,
which means the knowledge base will sit in the client managed block,
it doesn't go anywhere else.
So
whether you give
with Cora documentation, the client always resides where the gene
is deployed.
So that way it should not be any big change
to the client because
the knowledge base is sitting within gen
where it is hosted.
And our recommendation is to go with code
because that is what is the latest and greatest
as long as you are 100% artist
uh to a great extent, you have higher confidence that the the documents are updated
because as
you say, right J
A or any A for the matter purely depends on the data.
So if the knowledge is not up to date
and you're going to expect the impact on all this is coming from it, you should,
you should be ready to get a very lower accuracy and things like that.
So that's why we wanna make sure that uh
we start with the right note.
OK. Now
Rajesh
uh one question,
yeah.
So does it support a multi
programming things?
I mean, suppose the application has uh some parts written in Java,
some part is in C++ or some in the node
J
and want to do
the reverse engineering.
Hm
people will support.
So we do support multi
text stack
and
the, the, the language that we support today, we support Python VB
uh C#, we support Java, we support
uh uh PL SQL, we support uh
uh C C++ and what, what else we have
Angler? So we got
two
of
OK. And uh the second question is uh how it decides the target architecture?
Because the,
because every client has their own architectures and all.
Yeah. Yeah. So I'm I'm coming to that.
So this use case of architecture, if you can just pack that question, I can show you
today when you modernize into the new architecture,
we generally support three types of architecture.
One is a functional architecture based on the user stories that you created.
It allows you to edit this functional architecture by these layers.
Now these are the layers that the system is uh
supports today. Now remember you can also edit
and you can change these layers, you can make changes to any of us completely.
You have full as a functional,
you have that uh full uh you know uh full power into that.
Again, remember the human and the lobe.
Once you confirm this,
then what I can do is I can generate an application accurate
with that.
Now,
how do I do that is when I do here, it asks a series of questions
here is where we decide whether you want to
have a microservice based architecture or even driven architecture
hosting model. We want to have it as a pass on prem hybrid or particular cloud.
Then what type of cloud you want to select? So you give all this option
and then finally say generate.
Now with this information, it generates application architecture
like function architecture,
I can also edit application architecture
and you can again make change to this interaction sub derived.
Now remember
after this is done,
you we allow you to choose the genus,
allows you to choose a text stack by each of the layers.
So you can decide your target, the layer should be in angular or react
your integration layer can be uh do
Python Java any of this,
you can choose all this and even data layer, you can choose it,
then you can go back
and use this information to generate your
technical architecture.
Now when I say general technical architecture,
it creates that infrastructure as a code,
the whole architecture gets created as a code.
And when I click here, see I see this this one I chose Azure. So it becomes an
Azure
cloud native.
Each of these are objects.
So from here what I do, I generate the terra forms
for infrastructure as a code.
So we completely convert the architecture as a code with this.
How do I do that
once I'm fine with this,
I click here today provision.
So we use some of our
automate services and gen
combination
to create infrastructure support,
configure that environment in this case of cloud
metal
and we create a dev environment
with those required infrastructure components ready.
This is how we start with architecture creation in the modernized way.
Then we proceed to design document
user interface. So the
code code
across this architecture layer,
that's why the code generation is across this architecture lay.
Then we generate test case and description and tested
each one of these you can go and walk through. So,
so today that is the choice we leave it to the users to decide
depending on the type of application they want to create.
But that's a good input. We can look at bring how we can bring that.
No, it's just one question over here. So that's a great example. You sh uh
you have shown like how it gets uh generated for
Azure.
You said in the beginning, I think we you have a uh use case for oracle to post
SQL as well, right?
So for that,
like there will be certain features definitely like
which are non supported from source to target,
right?
So do we have uh uh a mechanism to identify which are non supported features,
for example oracle, non supported features in post
gri
sequel and then
how to convert those?
I mean custom code for those non supported features to be put it into post gri
sequel?
We have
functions and stores.
I think there is uh I'm not an expert for some of these, but I do know
that uh
there are those who are right
from one DB to another DB. So these are not supported.
So what we have done especially for article to um you know, progresses, we are mapped
some of them to functions or pro
just vice versa.
And we have shown that after that convention, this is how it is being done.
Now, after the migration is complete,
you will need to review and see whether those dishes are fine or not
or if that needs to be further remediated.
But you
what this exact challenge we encountered when we did the article to pay a
second for our pilot.
And when we did this,
we did this kind of mapping through the props and
generate those components to move to the right place.
A simple example is even Cobalt for that matter, right? We even did assembler
assembler to Java. Now assembler will have a lot of low
level memory movements computations
which Java doesn't directly support
as a one on one because that is completely high level language.
It is a low level language. So we had to do that
mapping as part of our prompt refinement and adding additional services to it.
Now one few call
out in this area is
not everything can be achieved through prompts. OK.
There are prompts you can generate through your test case, the scripts,
user stories.
Some of the simple code creations you can do through prompts.
This prompt will be
predominantly helpful,
but then
to get to a higher level of efficiency. And these kind of complex use cases,
you will need those additional services created,
which will do those mapping to move
to unsupported functionality to a supported functionality
plus
the vector DB more and above that to contextualize it.
So combination of
the prompts
the services, the vector DB brings you the higher power.
Now certain places you may not need the service
prompt and the vector DB is more than enough.
Got it.
So if I'm interested to particularly know about
this directory to post the SQL pathway,
like uh
who do I reach out to?
Uh so
pretty as you said in the L A session, there'll be a list of PO CS will be shared.
So for J
I
ad who's
over
shared, you can I mean I lead the oral engineering.
So you know me but they will share the Poct.
OK. Thank you. Thank you so much.
So this requirement tab that we have, right? OK.
I mean I'm talking, it's like
fresh all together uh a new implementation OK? Or be it an RFP document, for example.
OK. Can I, can I input my RFP document here?
Yeah, you can do your specs,
you can.
But so question
here is uh you can upload
and
you want to generate user studies from it or you want
to generate some of the other things from using that?
Yeah, I want to get a quick summary summarize for you. OK?
For example, if there is a 3040 pages document, OK.
Uh for us to act quickly to look at what is in scope and
get summarized view. OK.
What, what has been in scope
or? All right. So can that be achieved here?
Uh No. So the question is if we have a specification documents
which are received and you want to
generate user stories, you want to generate, I'm
talking
about, I'm talking
about typical RFP.
OK? Let's take any RFP related to modernization, for example, right? A clean
scope,
right? OK. I input that RFP document here.
Will that help me to give
uh
uh a
functional level, technical level break up? Bit down,
Rajesh,
it just summarizes a
use case from the RFP large document if you
can summarize to some template and all like that.
OK. So summarization of RFP, we'll have to see, I don't think we support today,
but if you have received some of the specification
documents as part of RFP and you want to
generate some of this and see what it is, then you can do that,
you need to extract that uh from the RFP and that can be
suggested correct.
But RPS is loading it today in this uh in this version, we don't have it.
But we can look at
if the portion of that is on the specification on that, we can
load that and check
it.
Yeah,
I just have one question. Uh
Sondra. So referring to your comment on the uh
uh knowledge base remaining uh on the client in the,
on the client environment of the ecosystem.
It is
uh it is still uh getting exposed to the
uh underlying uh LLM models.
No,
not, not, not as
a,
not as us.
So I'll tell you.
So the knowledge base,
I mean, that's got a lot of information in that. OK.
Now what we go to LL MS
only proms
in the prompts, there will be embeddings.
Now what needs to be embedded? You can decide as part of your prompt templates.
Now that embedding goes to the LLM.
Now
Azure
Open clearly said they're not maintaining
or sustaining any of the problems that we send
after that is processed, it becomes stateless.
So the embedding goes to the LLM,
then the response comes back
then whatever needed from that again is a
knowledge based. So now this
will be vast or living melody will be huge
that all that is not going to go to your uh
Azure
Open
or any of the LLM for that matter,
it is only the relevant embedding that gets put into the
plan goes into the
Azure
Open A relevant
and the response gets back
yesterday, Jakir gave that link of the
Azure Open A article, right where they're
saying
that data will not be stored, data will not be shared all those things. Yeah.
Yeah, I understand that So my, my question is,
although even though those embeddings,
uh uh do
we need to take any
uh permission
or any sign off internally,
uh not client site, but internally
because that could also be having some
uh information, right?
Which shouldn't really be, even though he's not having a state.
No, no. So there
is,
yeah, see from a legal perspective, as well as from security perspective,
we have the standard sow verbage
vetted with our legal team.
What we normally do is whenever you want to do a gens
or any general a
inections into your projects or a contract,
you need to have that
uh sow uh that are legal people
from uh the J A who would be working with your contract legal to
make sure that those verbage is clearly called out
there. The words
are taken care to ensure that these things happen,
but OK, very clearly,
Azure opening is something we are certifying.
Now, if you are going to go with completely a different LLM model,
your client has a different LLM model,
then our recommendation is to work with LL MC OE
to ensure that they are also confirming that there is no state maintained
like the way a zero
point
Microsoft was clearly made it
in the,
in the wording.
In fact, when we even deploy Genard,
we put those into the security documents
when we connect with the clients,
security people before we go over the actual implementation.
So my recommendation is to take that route so that you're covered that way.
OK. And another quick question is you also mentioned that
uh in, in terms of the target architecture,
uh
currently, there is no provisioning of uh asking for that kind of input.
But then if let's say we are using the
uh ecosystem tools such as
uh
gi
Copilot or Etter
have nine
uh will that not understand the context from the,
the code base itself or the open files
uh and then generate or recommend the
code accordingly according to the existing architecture?
Does is that not leveraged by the Gen Gen wizard as well?
No, I didn't get your question. But let me understand what you're saying. So today
Jen Wizard can understand the entire context of your application
because there's a full knowledge information about your application.
What
github
copilots are the
tins of the world
has is they have the knowledge of that particular
code that the developers opened in their ID.
So you have two class files or three objects,
whatever is opened, it has that knowledge.
So it's going to give you recommendations, keeping that knowledge in mind.
Those uh copilots don't have full
knowledge about your architecture of the application
because you are not investing any such information to those.
That's the power that
gene
has, which has an end to end view. Whereas
where they bring the biggest powers for that object that you open,
whether the code is
uh relevant to the context of the code. Whether any vulnerabilities are there,
whether any fixes needs to be identified?
They are very powerful in that and even unit as generation
other things are very powerful there.
So to me, they are at an assemble and component level
there. Is there a return application beyond?
OK. Got it. Thank you. Thanks for clarification.
So uh you know, you mentioned about uh the the files which are open, right?
Uh in the copilot, you know, it's able to read it.
Now, my question is that the jars which are present? Ok. So we have a scenario
where you know the the we have a vendor jars which have been provided, right?
Based on that we do the customization on top of it.
So will you be able to read the cus uh the vendor jars and uh share the, you know,
the suggestions or generate the code?
No, uh today, we don't read the jar files information.
But what we if they are standard jars,
let's say you are referring to some third party libraries
which you don't have access to the code, but the libraries you use in your code.
If those third party libraries are something that the LLM models are aware of,
then the code generation would help you
to address that.
However, if it is,
let's say client has created that library
and you are referring that L
Klein
has their own object library
and you are creating applications so you're crying your objects on top of it.
J
Visa can do is it can read.
If you have that library code,
you can read it and then give you even more better code recommendations
which your LLM wouldn't because LLM wouldn't have been trained
with the client library.
But jars, we don't read it today.
We only need a source code to understand the reference.
But if they are standard third party jars,
then
the LL MS if they are trained, we would get the recommendations accordingly.
Recently, we did one use case for song. OK.
The song, they have content full as one of the system.
So we need to generate code to consume the content, full systems api
Now
we weren't aware of their content, full product, which is third party product,
but then LLM was trained in that.
So we were able to use that information to call those a pas
in the code and we were able to generate those code.
That's one example,
I'm calling out where we don't know the source code
of the content because that's a third party product.
But
like how SAP has
a work day has that product. A pas were already trained in LL MS.
We were able to generate quote, consuming those a pas for that particular contract.
Yeah, thanks Rajesh, thanks. So, so in in such case, OK, the accuracy level, right?
OK. I mean from the coverage perspective when you scan through the code, right? OK.
Will it help us to understand in terms of? OK, how much coverage
uh and and the respective gap of the accuracy level? Right? OK. What it is really
triggering to? Right? OK. Will it help us to give that
a detailed analysis? Also
it will give, so if you look at all our uh uh scans, right, look at here,
we provide this accuracy
and we also provide accuracy by each of the topology
for this. This is uh one version minus
the current version for each of this code file.
What is the level of understanding
the living knowledge base has
that number would be displayed here for you.
And generally, what we have noticed is scripting languages
has got a higher accuracy
like javascript angular Python,
PL
SQL those things.
But if you look at object
oriented programming languages, we do
Net Java,
the accuracy is a little bit lower
and for mainframe,
it's even more lower because they don't have
much training on the mainframe code from,
especially from Mazur
open
temper.
So you will get this accuracy number depending on the text track, it will vary.
Uh I just wanted to check uh could gen wizard
help with um
rewriting uh Java application
uh into a Power apps uh application.
No, we haven't tried the Power apps yet.
Uh We can read the java application reversing
it but converting to a Power Apps.
Uh we haven't tried it yet.
OK? OK. And uh
is DB two post post grades uh possible.
Um Is that available DB 22, post grade, DB 22, post grade is not available,
but it is possible because we did side A with BQL.
So
DB two can very well be extended.
Ok,
great, thanks.
Uh That is so Gen Vizard
is uh with Azure A
uh right? As, as guarantee this product.
Yeah, currently it is now we are also bringing in Aws bedrock,
right? So if customer has a different one, is it uh we will be able to use that?
Integrate it and how much effort it takes it is. Uh
uh so we can integrate. So
see the the two things that changes
which is tightly bound with LLM is the prompts.
The prompt
is completely bound to a a model within an LLM provider.
If you change it, you need to refine the prompt, right? For example, if I
some of the prompts as this prompts
may work, they may not work also
or that
this is a prompt that I use for generating my design document.
Now, this prompt
may not work as a s
let's say
it is Bero
or even
Lama or Saman
Nova.
So you will need to refine this prompt. That is one word.
Second is I mentioned about that see prompt
that is service vector. Now vector is not going to change
your vector
or your knowledge graph is not going to change that is can
A
ASIS
but in some of the services
you will need to refine for that uh be because the prompt is changing,
the output would change, the accuracy would change.
So some of the services have to be remediated in that case.
So that will be the effort that we apply if
you have to move to a completely different LLM model.
Now, the effort,
it purely depends on the model. Uh I I, we don't have a one direct answer to you.
The reason why I'm saying there is a simple example is even within Aws bedrock,
there are a number of models, certain models, accuracies are very high.
So we probably just have to refine the prompter. We are good to go.
But there are certain models where the accuracy is not great for
the same uh code of CM use case that we are getting in
GP D four and as an open hand.
So depending on that there will be additional work needed.
So we really have to see what that
element that you want to integrate, then we can estimate for.
But it is technically doable.
There is one more point in terms of the
uh
eight
ton
is very, very
point.
So token limit is nothing because if you look at uh
bedrock
bedrock only supports 4000 limit token and the
support 8000,
I think there are only one or two which is supporting 100 K.
So if you look at uh reverse engineering of big applications, right?
Four K and eight K token is not going to help you at all because
you are going to chunk your code way a lot,
the more you chunk more you're going to lose the
the full logical aspect of it.
So the higher the token support the better for you for accuracy,
right? Rajesh. So, so this is where we are also having a um challenge, right? Ok.
I think um was I want to ask this question also to this group.
Uh
And uh
so we did one use case, OK. Where we have used some text person model, right? Ok.
Which is a pump based model, right? Ok. To build one use case, right?
But what we have tried is ok, we,
we see that this is getting failed. Ok?
I mean as and when that model is getting tweaked by the
uh LLM providers, right? Ok. We see
the results are not as expected, right? Ok.
We, we did, we did only with small piece of smaller piece of code,
right? Ok. But um yeah, I mean this is where
we want to look at it and see how we can able to scale this across, right? Ok.
Because the token generation is also another challenge that we are looking at.
So who can help us in case if we need to just do some
impact analysis and look at from a scalability perspect to
here.
Yeah. So uh I mean, definitely the POC
Financial
can reach so too. But uh to answer your point,
if let's say
that
palm, I, I don't know the details of the model,
but we can have a offline discussion with you on that.
But uh if the token limit is only so much
and your chunking is not going to help you,
you will have to look at a different model within that provider
or you will need to look
at the chunking can only do so much
the high, more number of chunks, it's gonna impact your quality of outcome.
Hm
So do we have any repository or something which is available, which talks about? OK.
Which model for what? OK.
And I mean, something, something available there or I mean,
so we, we are also gathering that as
because as you all know, J A is changing every other day with what is coming out.
Um
But more importantly, is it worthwhile to start something which is
more private?
I would suggest that we should go with, you know, uh vendors who are proven,
especially when it comes to Azure
opening
there. Generally
Lama
Saban
bedrock
Azur
prayer
being well discussed and well explored
even by our
coe
va I just Google one.
Yeah,
vertex is still
good one,
good
one.
If there is no question, I want to make it one very key call
barring this built to operate, right?
See one
big deviation,
a big change in the direction that built to
operate is bringing in as part of modernization is
remember to our discussions, right?
We have been talking about either pure transformation
work or we are talking about AM SI
S.
What this built operate
is it brings that together, which means
as they transform into the new architecture,
I want to make sure that I have automation back along with it
because no matter what your architecture is, you are going to have failure points,
you are going to have interaction,
failures right across either infra layer or across services
or hard hardware
components.
So how do I ensure that I get that visibility
as I do my transformation work at my lower environment,
that's what built to operate, helps you with.
And if you look at this, it brings some of our best observ
text tracks that we have where we are very strong at AM SI
S
now
bringing that absorbability into my lower environment as I modernize
and finding those insights
at the topology level
and
fixing those and making it as part of my solution
is what this build operates.
So
I don't, we didn't cover a lot of this.
But when you have time, please go through this
uh this,
this is completely changes the way you run your transformation going forward,
especially when you're doing a new
uh
green field transformation or as well as for your brown field,
you're converting to a new architecture and building a system
because many of the drifts issues and the issues that you find,
we typically we can only cover so much with our standard set of
test, right?
But here what built up it does it covers the infra layer network
layer app layer across and find your failures at the topology level,
generates those insights
and gets into your ID for the developers to show you
what the issues are and what fix you need to apply using Gena.
So that way when I go to production,
I also have automation solution bundled along with my product
to get to a,
you know, most highly operable solution in production.